Git proxy configuration (#1801)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/optional-settings.md

}
```

!!! note

>     When using Git repositories within Nautobot the Python library `GitPython` needs extra proxy configuration:

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion
    When using Git repositories within Nautobot, Git also needs to receive the extra proxy configuration. As the Nautobot user, run the appropriate `git config` commands, for example:
```

```bash

> git config --global http.proxy http://192.0.2.1:3128
> git config --global https.proxy http://192.0.2.1:3128

Reviewer: Just to match the example above:

```suggestion
git config --global http.proxy http://10.10.1.10:3128
git config --global https.proxy http://10.10.1.10:1080
```
